My name is Jaya.
I have 7+ years of total IT experience including Systems support, Desktop Engineering, and manual testing web applications. After completing my bachelor’s in computer science engineering, I worked in HCL back in India, providing first level technical support to BT customers on Internet connection issues. 

Then I moved to US for my master’s in computer science. While studying, I worked with Human Resource Administration/Department of Social Services as IT Specialist. Part of my work was to support various internal web applications and support users on logon and network connectivity issues. I participated in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of ongoing project status and issues. I also coordinated migration projects with site managers. After that I moved to NYCharities in New York. It’s a non-profit specialising in online charity donations and event booking system. Its online contributions portal helping the other charities in New York to extend the fundraising globally. I worked as Internet Manager maintaining the E-ticketing system where donors can book events both paid and free for various charity organisations within New York - and collect and distribute payments to them every month. I worked with application team in testing E-ticket and donation portal and provide feedback. I also did documentation and end to end testing. Also provided technical support.
Then I moved to Pfizer and worked there for a year as System Administrator. Most of the Wyeth's pharma assets were acquired by Pfizer after their 2009 merger. I was part of migration team in supporting Wyeth systems while they were being moved to Pfizer. Day to day work involved monitoring the servers and making sure the backup work completed successfully. Other work was to maintain Mission critical servers and supporting application teams.

Then I moved to UK after my marriage. My first job in London was with Allteks. I worked for one of their clients 5One in Hammersmith. Now it’s been integrated with Mastercard. I worked there as System Support Engineer providing support to users on various day to day computer issues. I worked on backup, restore and upgrading user computers. Also, part of team in providing support to QA team in documentation and test cases.

Then I was on my first maternity break for few months. After that I joined Discovery as Desktop Engineer. I was part of the Desktop Engg team in upgrading and testing desktops to Windows 10 for 5000 plus users. This involved testing new user applications and existing web apps in Windows 10 environment. I provided feedback to development. I did UAT for new release installations and content. My work also involved documenting changes, troubleshooting, and training level 1 & 2 technicians on corporate technologies and standards.

Since January 2019, I am in extended maternity leave and now I am ready to get back to work, also available immediately to join. Self-learned Automated Software testing with Python, BDD, Selenium WebDriver and Postman (API Tests), Devops technologies and trying simple projects.

